Previously on The Affair...
Here she is. The
one that got away.
There's not a-a day goes by where I
don't regret what happened in Paris.
Don't fucking touch me!
This wedding is gonna
be a fucking disaster.
- What is it?
- I cheated on Colin.
And I have to tell him. right?
He could give you a gallery.
Do you remember teaching a
class with a student named Audrey?
Unfortunately. all that Audrey
has revealed here today
is how shockingly unoriginal
her inner life actually is.
Helen Solloway? Eden
Ellery. I was Noah's publicist.
I think they were
sleeping together.
- When?
- On his book tour.
'Cause Ellery mentioned
a party in the Hamptons.
You didn't pressure
her into sex that night?
Absolutely not.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I'm sure. I-I
remember the night very well.
Dad. what the fuck?
Dad. get out!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ I was screaming
into the canyon ♪
♪ At the moment of my death ♪
♪ The echo I created ♪
♪ Outlasted my last breath ♪
♪ My voice it made
an avalanche ♪
♪ And buried a
man I never knew ♪
♪ And when he died.
his widowed bride ♪
♪ Met your daddy
and they made you ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do
And that's be the wave that I am ♪
♪ And then sink
back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do
And that's be the wave that I am ♪
♪ And then sink
back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do
And that's be the wave that I am ♪
♪ And then sink
back into the ocean ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ Sink back into the o... ♪
Um. we were already in mediation
by the time the book
came out. so I-I don't know.
You'll have to ask him that.
Well. it was mediation.
It doesn't get friendlier
than that. right?
Joint custody.
Okay. look. I... it's great that
you're writing about Noah's book.
but I really don't have anything
to say about our marriage.
Um. it ended a long time ago.
Yeah. No-no comment.
Hey.
That took a while.
Yeah.
How'd you like Petra?
Did you know she
was gonna call me?
No. What did she want?
Sh... What did you
do with my wine?
I poured it out. I
thought you were done.
I hate when people do that.
It was pretty
annoying. actually.
because she said she was
just fact-checking. and then...
she just started asking me all
these questions about our divorce.
What did you say?
"No comment."
Thanks for doing that.
What is the article about. anyway? I
thought it was about your new book.
I have no fucking idea.
The publisher pitched it to
me as a redemption story.
You know. my new book and
the movie and how I'd made good.
Now. suddenly. Petra's digging
around looking for skeletons
like it's some tabloid piece.
I mean. honestly.
I'm starting to regret
I agreed to be interviewed
in the first place.
Is she finding any skeletons?
Well. nothing about weddings in
Montauk. if that's what you mean.
And she never will.
She asked a lot of questions
about your dating history.
- That's what I mean.
- But why would she care?
I don't know.
Is it... I mean. it's not... turning
into some kind of MeToo story. is it?
No.
And even if it is.
Gottlief says he can kill it.
You've been talking to Gottlief?
I just wanted to make
sure I'm prepared.
You just said there was
nothing to worry about.
There isn't. but. you
know. this day and age.
things have a tendency
to spiral out of control.
Well. why don't you just tell
me exactly what's going on?
Nothing. like I said.
Because if this is gonna affect
me or the kids. I have to know.
I mean. I have to know.
We've just... we've
been through too much.
I'm handling it. okay. Helen?
Gottlief. my agent.
my publisher.
they've all dealt with these
things a thousand times.
This is what they do now.
It's gonna be fine. Okay?
Okay.
I. uh... I have a walkthrough
of a house tomorrow
with my new boss. so I
need to get some sleep.
Can you lock the
door when you go?
Okay.
Hey. what's this?
- I know.
- Hey.
We came down. and he had the
whole mise en place raring to go.
Okay. Top Chef.
Noah. what's going on?
Yeah. I was heading out.
but. uh. the winds were pretty
intense and I'm exhausted.
I'm on... still on Eastern time.
I didn't want to bother you.
You said you needed rest.
Can I get some coffee?
Do you drink coffee now?
- No.
- Mm-hmm.
No.
Hey.
Hey. Uh. how'd you sleep?
Too well. actually.
Woke up in a panic
'cause it was light out
and he was still asleep.
Thank you.
Um. are you sure it's okay if
we stay a couple more days?
I feel like if I
can keep this up.
like. this normal feeling.
maybe I can find a lawyer
to help me with CPS.
Uh. yeah. sure. you can...
you stay as long as you want.
Is that news?
No. No. no.
No. there's just a
brush fire near the Getty.
Okay.
All right.
Come on. let's go. You're late.
Right.
Hey. are you gonna be
here when I get back?
No. I'll just. uh. clean
up and head out.
Okay.
All right. you know what. you guys?
How about we blow off school today?
Go to the movies
or-or the beach?
Uh. sorry. Mom. We've got
auditions for the spring show today.
Camelot.
Geometry test. Um. rain check?
Yeah. sure.
- Bye. Mom.
- Wish me luck.
Good luck.
Hi. Um. my kids' father went
through the same thing last year.
We found an amazing
crisis management team.
So just call me. I'll tell you
everything you need to know. okay?
Siri. call Noah.
It's a complete
hatchet job. Helen.
Everything in that article
was taken out of context.
Well. read it to me.
I'm not sure that's a great
idea while you're driving.
Well. the traffic is insane.
I'm not going anywhere.
so please read it.
"Can this man be redeemed?"
That's over a picture
of my mug shot.
And then: "With a highly
anticipated new novel
and a glitzy
Hollywood adaptation
of his best-selling
last book in the works.
Noah Solloway is
poised for a comeback.
But in today's climate. does a
man like him actually deserve one?"
See. from the start. that
premise is completely misleading.
I went to prison for a hit-and-run.
not sexual harassment.
It's unethical journalism.
Oh. my God. I'm
gonna fucking kill you.
- What did you say?
- Nothing. Just nothing. Go on.
"Over the course of my
reporting on Solloway.
six women. three of whom
wish to remain anonymous..."
What?
"...came forward to describe a pattern
ranging from inappropriate comments
to unwanted advances
to emotionally..."
Oh. Jesus. Noah.
All right. stop. Wait. just
stop... stop talking. Wait.
How could you not have known?
Noah?
Gottlief said he could get the
women to retract their stories.
So you did know.
And you lied to me.
I asked you point-blank.
"Was this was a MeToo story?"
and you said no.
Uh. it should not be this
hard to tell the truth. Noah.
It just... it just shouldn't be.
I'm sorry. Helen.
Just keep reading.
"The relationship between
a book publicist and client is.
by necessity. intimate.
During a book tour. you spend an
extraordinary amount of time together.
On flights. in hotels.
He started making
inappropriate comments.
and then. on a
number of occasions.
he tried to persuade
me to sleep with him. '
Ellery describes an
incident at Williams College:
Noah had punched out the
school newspaper's book critic
for giving Descent
a bad review."
Okay. Wait a minute.
Did this really happen?
Did you punch a kid?
No. no. He was. like. 22.
and he absolutely deserved it.
"The story was going viral.
We needed to strategize
about how to run interference.
and Noah insisted his hotel room
was the only place
private enough to talk."
Great.
"When I arrived. I could tell
immediately that he was drunk.
He pulled me into his room.
started kissing me. groping me."
- Seriously?
- Helen. this is not what happened.
- She was throwing herself at me.
- Great.
- Shit. I lost my place.
- Just give me the fucking thing.
I didn't sleep with her. Helen.
I know it sounds crazy. but I
think she's doing this as revenge.
Yeah. that does sound crazy.
Now my agent is saying I
should release a statement
saying that I respect women
and apologize to those I hurt.
- Great. Do that.
- Yeah. but my publisher's threatening
to exercise a morality
clause in my contract.
A morality clause?
Yeah. and not publish my book if
all this negative publicity continues.
Oh. my God. What
are they waiting for?
And then Gottlief says
I shouldn't do anything
because he thinks there's
potential for a civil suit.
- What should I do?
- I don't know!
- Just shut off your phone!
- It's not mine. It's yours.
Shit. It's my boss.
Amy. hi.
Um. yeah. I might just be
running a teeny bit late. but...
Why is that?
Oh.
Yeah. No. he is... he is
my... uh. my ex-husband.
Okay. makes sense.
Thanks. You. too.
Well. that's a record. I got
fired before I started my job.
'Cause of me?
Hi.
Everything okay?
Yeah. it's fine.
Fuck. it's the kids' school.
Hello? Yeah.
He did what?
Sure. yeah. I'll-I'll...
I'll come right over.
Soon as I can. Thanks.
Trevor got in a fight.
- Oh. my God. Is he okay?
- They didn't give any detail.
They just told me to
come and pick him up.
No. I'm going.
Yeah. Helen. the
school called me.
Yes. because it was
probably your fault.
Please. That may be true.
but it's really important to me
to get to him. to talk
to him. to explain.
Well. that's not happening.
I'm sorry about the job.
I worked my ass
off for that job.
I didn't go to Montauk to plan my
daughter's wedding to get that job.
Do you know how
painful that was for me?
But doesn't matter. really.
'cause you know what?
No matter how hard I work.
you always manage to
find a way to fuck my shit up.
I said I was sorry.
Well. if you want to apologize. why
don't you start with those women?
How can I apologize. Helen.
when I didn't do anything?
Oh. really? So they're all
lying? Why would they do that?
I don't know. That's what
I'm trying to figure out.
Oh. so you didn't sleep
with the student teacher?
It was... it was consensual.
Oh. except you were her boss!
So maybe it didn't
feel consensual to her.
Ugh. And what about Eden?
She came to my room.
uninvited. and we made out
for maybe fucking
one minute. that was it.
But why did you let her in?
Did you think maybe that
might have been a bad idea?
- Because I was drunk.
- Well. whose fault is that?
- Yours. actually! Yes.
- What?
Earlier in the night. we went out. As
usual. you were drinking like a fish.
You got me shit-faced.
That was why I didn't
kick her out immediately!
Are you seriously trying
to turn this around on me?
Your inability to take responsibility
for your actions is pathological.
- Oh. really? Really?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Well. maybe 'cause I'm so busy
taking responsibility for yours!
Oh. my God. Fuck you!
I've done time for a crime I
didn't commit already. Helen.
I'm not doing it again.
Excuse me. What's going on?
They're shutting down Sunset to
help with evacuations off the 405.
You got to pull off
and turn around.
No. I have to go to Brentwood
to get my kids at school.
What do you mean?
I have to get through.
They're about to start evacuating
the schools in Brentwood anyway.
Well. if they're evacuating the
schools. then I really need to get through
so I can. you know.
evacuate my children.
Ma'am. I can't let you through.
Dude. what the
fuck is your problem?
- Helen.
- My kids are over there.
- Helen. Helen. this is...
- I have to go get them.
This isn't helping. Come on.
We'll figure something else out.
I'm sorry. okay? I
am. Let's just go.
Can you call Trevor?
Voice mail.
- Fuck. Stacey. too.
- What?
Do we know anyone on the
West Side who could pick them up?
Um...
Yeah. Uh. Brooklyn's mom.
Good idea.
Um. I'll pack a bag for the kids in
case we can't get back over here.
Can you call Whitney. see
what's up with her flight?
Yeah. I'll check
in with Martin. too.
- Priya.
- Oh. hi.
Isn't he the most beautiful
baby you've ever seen?
Yeah... he is beautiful.
yeah. Where's Sierra?
Sierra is packing.
- Hi.
- Hello?
- Um. sorry.
Uh. it was starting to
smell like smoke up here.
I wanted to get Eddie out of the
hills. I didn't want to bother you guys.
'cause you seemed kind
of busy. so I called Priya.
Oh.
They're going to stay with Abdul
and me until the smoke clears
for as long as they like.
The boy should get to
know his grandparents.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm. I'll wait outside.
Okay. be safe.
What's wrong?
Uh. they're changing
the name of my movie.
- Who is?
- The producers of Descent.
They're... They're changing
the title to something else.
and they're offering me a buyout
to take my name off the credits. so...
they're erasing me
from my own story.
I'm sorry.
It's Lauren.
Hey. Lauren. what's...
What do you mean?
Well. where did
they go? I... Yeah.
Okay. I gotta... Yeah.
of course. Uh. bye.
Um. Trevor and
Stacey weren't at school.
What? Where are they?
I don't know.
Brooklyn said someone else picked
them up. but he doesn't know who.
Okay. I'll call Trevor.
you call Stacey.
- It's just a voice mail.
- It's just ringing.
I don't understand.
Where would they go?
The school wouldn't
have let them just go.
Well. they're teenagers. They
can go when they want to go.
I don't... I don't un... I
mean. no one's texted me.
Anyone else who could
have picked them up?
I don't know. I
mean. I-I don't...
I have this. um... the-the
tracking app thingy.
I don't... Can you do that?
- Let me see.
- I've never used it.
Okay. it's finding Trevor.
Okay.
That's weird.
- What is?
- Why is he in Malibu?
- Oh. my God.
- What?
They're at Sasha's.
I mean. what the fuck?
Hi. Do you have my kids?
No. I don't want to FaceTime.
I don't want to FaceTime.
Hey. hey. I just want you
to see that your kids are fine.
They're happy. safe.
- Look. Hey. kids. say hi to your mother.
- Hi. guys.
- Look. Sasha.
- Yes?
You cannot just get my
fucking kids without telling me.
I tried calling you.
but your phone kept
going straight to voice mail.
Listen. the city's gridlocked.
and-and I'm sending over a helicopter.
- You're sending a helicopter where?
- To get you.
Yeah. I've checked it
with my security guys.
There's a landing pad just
up the hill from your house.
Yeah. I can't... I can't do that.
I have a house full of people.
Of course you do. What
else is new? So. who's there?
Perhaps we can
squeeze them in. too.
Go. be with the kids.
- Is that Noah?
- Yes!
What the fuck is he doing there?
Helen. have you... have
you watched the news?
Have you seen what
he's being accused of?
Yeah. that's why
he's here. Sasha.
so we can figure out how
to deal with our children.
I just told you. your
kids are fine. Okay?
They're doing great.
But if you rather want to stay
there and help your ex-husband
deal with the fact that he's just
made a fool of your whole family.
that's your choice.
The helicopter will
be there in 20 minutes.
I suggest you get on it.
You should go.
What about you?
I'll be okay. I'm gonna
keep trying Whitney.
Maybe I'll just go to
the airport and wait.
I've got her flight
number somewhere.
I think I should talk to her
in person when she lands.
She probably has
a lot of questions.
Thank you.
For what?
For this morning. today.
All I did was yell at you.
You're such a
great mother. Helen.
We've got four
great kids. and...
I know it's not because of me.
I'm very grateful.
There are several major
fires blanketing the stretch
between Westwood
and Ventura County.
Helicopters are still trying to
get these wildfires under control
and they continue to drop gallons
of water and retardant onto the fires.
- Uh...
- Hey. guys. You okay?
We're fine.
Trevor. let me see.
What happened? Trevor.
Apparently. Brooklyn
said some shit about Dad.
Trevor hit him. and
he hit Trevor back.
Honey. I'm so sorry.
Yeah. well. it's not your
fault Dad fucks everything up.
Who's hungry?
Hey. Helen. you made it.
- Hey.
- Great.
- Trevor. can you take this?
- Yeah.
- Talk to you for a second?
- Sure.
Listen...
I'm really sorry that I just
went and got your kids like that.
But the truth is that Trevor called me
and told me that Noah was at your house
and that he didn't
want to see him.
So he asked me to come
and get him and Stacey.
Really?
Yeah. and I didn't want
to tell you over the phone.
And I'm also sorry
about last night.
I was exhausted. and...
Listen. I... I love you.
But sometimes it frightens
me how big your world is.
And it's not you who
should change. it's me.
And that is why
I-I did what I did
and went and got your
kids. 'cause that is exactly
the sort of thing that
you would have done.
Well. I'm sorry. too.
Yeah. okay.
- Glass of wine?
- Yeah. please.
All right.
Audrey Nelson is one of the
women accusing Solloway.
We caught up with her this morning at
the annual Women in Media Breakfast.
Yes. I was in his
creative writing seminar
my sophomore year at Livingston.
Do you have a comment
about the very damning article
that came out this morning
concerning his
behavior toward women?
All I will say is that
it's always terrifying to speak
out against powerful men.
especially if you have
been traumatized yourself.
But I have been very
encouraged by the sisterhood
I've experienced here
today and on Twitter.
and I just think
it's-it's so important
that we continue to support
and believe each other.
because clearly there are men
out there who just truly hate women.
Okay. You guys. that's
enough. That's enough of this.
Give me that. please.
Just give it to me.
That woman's a publicity whore.
She's gonna be on The Talk tomorrow.
She's just trying to sell books.
Yeah. sure. Stacey.
she's making it all up.
That's what these men say.
They say Dad's the real victim here.
Oh. Stacey. please. no.
But she's lying. Mom. isn't she?
Dad doesn't hate women.
Hold on. This might be Whitney.
Hello?
How did you get this number?
No. no comment.
I'll be right back.
Stacey. get off that site.
No. No. no. no. I-I hear you.
Yeah. Listen. you're
doing a great job.
Well. the title's a great start.
Now we just have to bring it home
and-and get the tosspot's
name off it entirely.
Um. I-I'm gonna call you back.
My mum says hi.
Do you think this is funny?
Hey. I'm-I'm sorry
you had to hear that.
I'm... I'm sure that sounded coarse.
but I've been on the phone all day
trying to navigate what these accusations
against Noah mean for my movie.
He's really put us all
in a terrible situation.
I just got a call from
the New York Post.
- They wanted a quote.
- Mm-hmm. What did you say?
I said. "No comment."
Okay.
I mean. how did
they get my number?
Welcome to my world.
Just wait till they start
stalking you at home.
Listen. I've found that
if you don't respond.
it just gets worse. so
put out a short statement
asking for privacy
for you and your kids.
The best thing you can do right now
is to distance them from their father.
I can't do that.
It would break Noah's heart.
Sure. yeah.
And what's really
important here is to protect
Noah's feelings
at all costs. right?
- You said you were making me a drink?
- Mom.
- What's up. Stace? You okay?
- Listen.
"I met Noah Solloway
on the set of Descent.
where I'm the script supervisor.
He seemed like a gentleman. one
of the few I've met in this business.
Or so I thought.
Until a party one night
where he kissed me.
then took off my clothes. ran
away with them and left me there.
- naked and terrified."
- Stacey.
- Give me that.
- No!
"I was outside in the dark at
a Halloween party for children.
I couldn't go anywhere.
It was freezing.
A cater waiter finally
came to my rescue.
Noah Solloway gets off
on humiliating women."
Can I take that. please?
I took him to that party.
Is it true?
Is it my fault?
No. it's not your fault. Stacey.
Um... I'll... I'll
make a... statement.
Can you write it?
Sure.
What do you want it to say?
"My family and I are
saddened and in shock
after the revelations in
today's Vanity Fair article.
I empathize greatly with the
women who came forward.
and I admire them.
All I can say about
Noah Solloway is that
he's been a good father to our
four children and they love him.
I ask that people think of these
children. respect our privacy.
and not hold them responsible
for their father's actions."
Thank you.
- Sasha?
- Yeah?
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Um. she said she's
gonna put it out right away.
What does that
mean? Put it out where?
Um. she's probably gonna
get in touch with Petra Ranes.
Your publicist knows Petra?
Yeah. sure. I mean. she was
the one that contacted everybody
about the original article.
So. now that it's all taken care of.
uh. should we put our phones away
and just try and relax a bit?
Please.
Do you want some wine?
Yeah.
- Ooh!
- Oh. Whoa.
- Sorry.
- It's just me.
Whoa. Helen. your
shoulders are like bricks.
Yeah.
- I guess I am pretty tense.
- Hey. it's gonna be fine.
I've had my fair
share of scandals.
and in my experience. if
they're handled correctly.
they'll blow over and...
no one remembers.
- Thank you for helping me deal with this.
- Yeah. sure.
Can I run you a bubble bath?
- Bubble bath?
- Yeah.
Actually. that sounds
very nice. yeah. Thank you.
And I have known
each other forever.
- Our husbands grew up together...
- What happened to the movie?
I was a bridesmaid
in her wedding.
- She wore pants. It was iconic...
- Yes.
- Oh. great.
- Um...
But. unfortunately.
that's not...
- what we're going to talk about.
- Um. what is this?
That's Eden Ellery.
- Remember. at Carolina's party?
- Oh. yeah. Yeah.
But Eden is going through
something very public. uh. right now.
Something you might
have heard about.
Something that maybe even some
of you have been through yourselves.
and I really. really
wanted to talk about it.
It was important.
Um. in case you guys have been off
Twitter all day. and if you have been.
someone explain to
me how you do that.
Um...
Eden was actually one of a
handful of women that came forward
in Vanity Fair today. um. to talk
about some pretty traumatic experiences
of sexual harassment
by Noah Solloway.
You guys remember Descent?
That book that was. like. a
huge hit. like. five years ago?
- Ten.
- And you were his publicist?
- I was.
- And how old were you?
- Very. very young.
- Yeah.
So. I guess one thing
that I want to ask.
just right off the bat. is. why did
you choose now to come forward?
Oddly enough. I
didn't even choose it.
I didn't go looking for
somebody to tell my story to.
Um. a reporter called me
and asked me point-blank
if Noah Solloway
had harassed me.
- Mm-hmm.
- Honestly. Busy.
I just didn't feel
like lying anymore.
- I'm too old for that.
- Yeah.
I spent my entire career lying
to save the reputations of men
whose actions I privately deplored.
And so. this time...
I just decided not to.
I decided to tell the truth.
Right. So. on Twitter today. there
has been the inevitable chorus.
people coming out
in Noah's defense.
saying that. you know. the
incidents happened so long ago
and there should be a statute
of limitations or something.
that. you know. maybe
these men can change.
And I know what I
personally believe.
but what do you think?
Does Noah Solloway
deserve a second chance?
I-I really don't think
it's for me to say.
I can only speak for myself.
and after that
tour... I quit my job
because I didn't want to
be alone with a male client.
Yeah. I gave up a
career that I had spent...
years building.
And I felt ashamed.
As if somehow I had done
something to lead him on.
Um... and it wasn't
even until really recently
- that I realized that that wasn't true.
- Mm.
Right. It was not my fault.
So. I don't know what
has happened for Noah
in these last ten years.
But I do know. for me.
what he did. uh...
it does not feel
like that long ago.
Wow. Yeah. That is something I
think that most women can relate to.
Um. I'd like to read a statement
that came out during the break
from Noah Solloway's ex-wife.
You guys. Noah
Solloway's ex-wife Helen
is rumored to be
dating Sasha Mann.
who adapted
Descent for the screen
and is also directing
and starring in it.
It's a lot. I know.
- Um... so anyway...
- Yeah.
This is what Helen Solloway
said about the accusations.
"Noah Solloway is a
good father to our children.
I'd ask that people please
respect their privacy."
Mm-mm.
- There you go.
- Hmm.
I mean. to me. I'm...
What about the rest of it?
Um...
Wha...
Well. sometimes they
do that... Cut it short.
Are they allowed to do that?
Sort of like a
nothing statement.
It's just surprising to me.
What did... Are you surprised?
Honestly. I'm not. I'm not.
Um. I met Helen a few times.
- She's very nice.
- Yeah.
- She's of a different generation.
- Right.
And she's a lot older and
she was a stay-at-home mom.
Right? She never had a job.
Her marriage was her whole life.
- And she worshipped Noah.
- Mm.
Like. I'm talking.
even after he left her...
- Mm-hm.
- She would show up
- at his book readings.
- Really?
Yeah! That happened.
- Oh. God.
- It's... it's crazy.
Here's the thing. I don't
blame Helen Solloway.
I think she just didn't know
- who she was married to.
- Mm-hmm.
And Noah. like a lot of men
his age and of his background.
- is alarmingly good at compartmentalizing.
- Mm-hmm.
He can be actually a good
husband and a good father
and then still go out
in the world and...
pressure women he works
with to screw him in hotel rooms.
- Mm.
- And she probably had...
- no idea.
- Honey. can you turn that off?
Yeah. I mean. I don't remember
the specifics that led to...
Mom?
Is it true?
Nope.
No. I was there.
I was on that book
tour. and I saw her. like.
flirting like crazy
with your dad.
And... and now she's
acting like some coed virgin.
I don't... It's bullshit.
She's full of shit.
They're all full of shit.
And I didn't stay at home.
I worked and I supported
your dad when...
And the only reason I was there
was because Whitney was
looking at colleges. and I...
I'm sorry. I
gotta... I have to...
I don't know what to do.
You're strong and you're brave.
You'll get through it.
But. Helen. can I
just say one thing?
I know you're trying
to protect your kids.
but I don't think it's a
good idea to lie to them.
It's not good for them.
I'm not lying to them.
Telling them that
nice lady is full of shit?
She is full of shit.
Noah said they never
even slept together.
And you believe him?
Yeah. I believe him. I
mean. why-why would he lie?
We weren't even
married at the time.
But. I mean. you're the one
who told me that they were fucking
throughout his entire book tour.
I mean. do you remember
that evening at Carolina's?
We met her. She was
clearly still traumatized by it.
What did you just say?
What?
How did that reporter
know how to find Eden?
What do you mean?
Eden was his publicist
over ten years ago.
and she just said that she
wasn't looking for this. so...
how did Petra know
how to find her?
Because you told her.
You told her what I said.
Petra called me to interview me
about Noah. so I told her what I knew.
Oh. my God. do you have
any idea what you've done?
Helen. I'm not the bad guy here.
If there was no
story. six women.
if there was no story.
this would not stick.
This was the right thing
to do for these women.
"These women"?
Noah's name is off
the movie. his movie.
because that's what you wanted.
As usual. you've
got absolutely no idea
how my business works.
This movie is my baby.
Uh. what about my actual babies?
They're real people. and they
have to live in the real world.
and they're gonna
be scarred for years
because you wanted writing
credit for some idiotic movie?
Hey. this movie is
gonna be quite important.
Oh. my God. you've
got to be kidding me.
Stop.
No.
No. you don't... don't get it.
Don't. Helen. Helen.
Hello?
Okay. I'm on my way.
Hey. kids. get your
stuff. We're going.
I'm gonna need your fucking car.
♪ From shards of broken hearts ♪
♪ Tears from desert eyes ♪
♪ Something new is dreamed ♪
♪ Doesn't dawn look divine? ♪
♪ Lift your gaze ♪
♪ It's the end of days ♪
You need to calm down.
ma'am. This is just the way it is.
- I understand.
- See these people behind you?
They were all on the same canceled flight.
You're lucky we can rebook you at all.
And I appreciate that so much.
I'm just wondering if there's
anything to LAX a little sooner...
Please don't take
that tone with me.
- I'm sorry. Um...
- Look. you can take the 5:00 p.m..
or risk it and fly standby.
Up to you.
Hello? Miss. what
do you want to do?
Uh. I'll take the flight.
Okay. be at the gate
an hour before your flight.
You'll get reticketed
then. Next.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Oh. my God.
Go away.
Stop.
Oh. my God.
Go away.
Hello?
Yeah. I just saw.
Um. I'm...
I don't know how I am. actually.
No. I'm at JFK. I've...
My flight was canceled.
Yeah. I'll be here for a while.
Really?
Yeah. Yeah. sure.
Um... I'd love to come.
Oh. love.
Your father...
is a massive prick.
You know that. right?
- He is. isn't he?
- Mm-hmm.
I keep thinking about my
siblings. the younger ones.
You remember Trevor and Stacey?
- Oh. absolutely.
- Well. they're still in school.
And... Stacey's 12.
And now. any time anybody Googles
them. for the rest of their lives...
Or you.
Look. I promise you.
it's all gonna be okay.
And. hey.
you're still a bright.
beautiful young woman
with a massive future.
That hasn't changed.
How could he do this to us.
after everything he's
already put us through?
No. no. listen. listen.
Oh. God. this is
gonna sound harsh.
but what's happening with
your father is inevitable.
You know? I've never met a
man who's quite so self-destructive.
so un...
careful.
And you have been wonderful
with him. darling. you really have.
You've been the most
diligent. devoted daughter.
but sometimes. with
toxic people. you have to...
make a clean break. you know?
You have to save yourself.
I just spent a week with him in
Montauk. and he was amazing.
And I-I thought that he'd
turned a corner or something.
I-I thought that we would finally
be able to have a relationship.
What the hell were you doing
in Montauk in December?
You must have
been fucking freezing.
Um. we were planning my wedding.
To who?
Uh. Colin. He's my boyfriend.
Mazel tov!
Darling. that's fantastic!
- Congratulations!
- Thanks.
- Oh!
- Wow. Um...
Yeah. he's an... he's
an artist. too. actually.
No. You're kidding.
Well. wh-what sort? Hang on.
Do I know him?
Um. I don't think so. He's a
painter. We met in art school.
Why didn't you bring him to
The Broad the other night?
I would have loved to
have met your fiancé.
That would have been a
little awkward. don't you think?
For you. maybe.
Is he any good?
Well. I. um...
He's very private
about his work.
Ah. so he's tortured.
Oh. that's... that
is so romantic.
Young love.
We're actually just getting
married for a green card.
Where's he from?
Ireland. He's Irish.
Oh. You're still here?
Oh. um. I'm sorry.
I didn't know if we were
finished working today
or if you were coming back.
So I thought I would wait.
No. I think I've got what I
needed. You can let yourself out.
How come you never
asked me to model?
Huh? Oh. God. no.
You're too good for that.
You say that. but
what does that mean?
Most of these girls aren't very smart.
so modeling is a good gig for them.
- But I want something more for you.
- More than...
More than a body that
I manipulate for my art.
What about the
other night. then?
At the Chateau when we...
When we what. Whitney?
Wasn't I just a body that you
could manipulate for your art?
You're-you're talking about
the night we made love.
Uh. we didn't make love.
You fucked me in front of
your rich friend to get him off.
- Is that what you think happened?
- It's not what I think happened.
I know that that happened.
- You whored me out.
- Okay. that's enough!
That's enough.
Now. um... listen to me.
I know you're upset about
what's happening with your father.
You're angry and confused and
looking for someone to blame.
but. darling. don't
conflate those feelings
with what happened
at the Chateau.
because that was
absolutely what you wanted.
That's not true.
That is not what I wanted.
Um. so why didn't you go. then?
Huh? For fuck's sake.
why didn't you bring
your fiancé to my opening?
I gave you a plus-one.
Andrea wanted to come.
Did you. um... did you tell your
fiancé what happened between us?
Do you know what. if
I were you. Whitney.
I'd think long and hard
before making accusations.
You need friends right now.
What you should be worried about
is what's happening with your father.
Very worried. because it
could have severe repercussions
for your own career.
Now. I've been sitting here all
day since the article came out.
trying to think how
I could help you.
And here's the thing.
Dashiell is opening a
gallery on 21st Street.
and he is planning to have
me as his inaugural artist.
and we had discussed
the possibility
of you curating my first show.
But if that's how you really
feel about him and me.
then perhaps we
ought to revisit that idea.
Why did you hit me in Paris?
Hit you?
I didn't.
You did.
I remember.
Oh. Christ.
Ah. Whitney. I can see
that our little tiff in Paris
has got blown out of all proportion
inside your gorgeous little head.
But. darling. for something
so dramatic to transpire.
there would have to be
passion in the relationship.
And sweet as you are. I never
had those kinds of feelings for you.
You should. um... you
should probably go.
You don't want to
miss your flight. hmm?
Okay. um...
could you at least
take me to the airport?
I just... I don't want to
leave things like this.
You know. I don't
think that's a great idea.
Um. it was probably a
mistake to invite you over.
I'm in a good place right now.
You know. I'm very...
productive.
I don't...
I don't want to get
trammeled in the past.
Ma'am?
Uh...
- Mm...
- Watch it!
Excuse me.
Sorry. Hello.
Hi. Excuse me.
I'm sorry. we talked about this
earlier. Excuse me. I'm actually...
Excuse... Excuse me! Sorry.
- Excuse me...
- Hi. Uh. four hours ago.
you stood right there and promised
me that I would have a seat on this flight.
and now I don't see my name. so
how are we gonna solve this problem?
- I am so sorry. What's your name?
- Audrey Nelson.
- Let me take a look. Ms. Nelson.
- Thank you.
Sorry.
Sorry. Sorry.
Why are you sorry?
Oh. sorry.
Hey.
You're Audrey Nelson. right?
Yeah. Hey.
We went to school
together. right?
I'm Whitney Solloway.
Noah's my dad.
Hey. I have an aisle seat in 23.
Do you want to switch?
We'd love to catch up.
Sure. You girls have fun.
So. should I tell the air
marshal to be on standby or...?
No. You're hilarious.
Hey. I was just actually
catching up with you on Twitter.
Congrats on the new
memoir. by the way.
And. um. I just wanted to say hi
to the woman who's
ruining my family's life.
Uh. wow.
I was joking. but maybe I
should call the air marshal.
Look. here's the thing.
I have three siblings in school.
My mom's second husband
just died of pancreatic cancer.
My mom's dad has Alzheimer's.
My mom hasn't worked in ten
years so that she could raise us.
So we were all kind of counting
on my dad's book to come out.
You know. so my siblings
could stay in school.
Um. that's a lot.
Yeah. and I bet you never even
bothered to check whether he had kids
before speaking out
against him. did you?
Actually. I knew
he had children.
Did you ever stop to think
how this might affect other
people. besides my father?
Yes. Whitney.
I thought about it long and hard.
and I decided that it was worth it.
Wow.
Look. I worshipped your father.
Okay? All I ever wanted
was to be a writer.
and I'd read Descent.
like. a dozen times.
so getting to study with
Noah Solloway was a dream.
So you're mad at my father
because he didn't live up
to your fantasies of him?
No. that's not it.
So. what is it. Audrey?
He didn't like your work?
He didn't even give
my writing a chance.
He took one look
at me and decided
he knew how much I was worth
before he'd read a thing I'd written.
Why would he do that?
Because he didn't
respect me. Whitney.
Well. maybe your writing
just wasn't very good.
Did you ever consider that?
Yeah. yeah. You're right.
At the time. it-it
really wasn't.
I was very young when
I was in Noah's class.
and I was honestly
desperate for his guidance.
but he didn't evaluate
my work. he evaluated me.
He told me that I
had no inner life.
Well. do you?
Everyone has an inner life.
What he meant was that
I didn't share his inner life
and that I wasn't trying
hard enough to hide that.
So. because I was writing about
being young and being female.
he assumed that I had
nothing interesting to say.
Have you ever experienced that?
Look. it just sounds like
he was a shitty professor.
and I'm sorry that
he hurt your feelings.
but that's not a reason
to ruin his entire career.
- It's not?
- No.
Why not?
Why didn't you
just drop the class?
I did. Well. actually. first.
I complained to my dean.
who told me that I needed
to grow a thicker skin.
So. then I dropped the class.
And it was a class that
I needed for my major.
so I dropped that. too.
And I stopped
writing for three years.
and I went into a pretty
serious depression.
That's terrible. Audrey. but
that's not my father's fault.
So. whose fault is it?
I don't know.
I don't think it's anybody's fault. I
think it's just something that happened.
Right. Okay. right.
That is exactly what I
thought. too. at the time.
But the truth is that the
way that Noah spoke to me.
the way that he treated me
confirmed my own
worst fears about myself.
Things that I had heard in one
way or another my entire life...
That I was worthless
and stupid and not hot enough.
just generally a waste of space.
And it really wasn't until I
started writing my memoir
that I even began to ask myself.
"Okay. why have I thought
this way all this time?
Why did I just assume
that the problem is me?
Why do I have to
leave the class?
And why is the way that Noah
treated me considered normal?"
Think about it. Whitney. okay?
We give men like him
such unbelievable rope.
We will do anything...
Anything... to
protect their egos
when they continuously
and carelessly destroy ours
without consequence.
I mean. why? Why does
it have to be like that?
I agree.
The world is a shitty
place. and it's not fair.
But I still feel like you're
using your private beef
with my father to
promote your book sales.
and that's just...
that's fucking bullshit.
Wow.
Someone really
did a number on you.
Look. I've had tough experiences
with older men. too... teachers. bosses...
But I'm adult enough to admit
that sometimes the problem
was just that I wanted to
fuck them and I shouldn't have.
Or I wanted them to
fuck me and they didn't.
Or maybe it's just
that sometimes
relationships between men and women
get weird and awkward. and that's normal.
But that doesn't mean
all men should burn.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
I wanted to sleep with
your dad. You're right.
And. yeah. he didn't want
to sleep with me back.
and that hurt my feelings.
But. Whitney. when you want
to sleep with these older guys.
ask yourself. like. what
are you really attracted to?
Is it them. or is it their power
and their authority.
their agency in the world?
Like. how they can
get the kind of shit done
that you can only dream of.
and they do it without
even breaking a sweat
because the world just offers
itself up to them on a silver platter.
Ask yourself. do you
really want to fuck them.
or do you want to be them?
I'm sorry about your family.
I really am.
And. yeah. I-I considered not
speaking up for this very reason.
'cause I thought...
"God. what if my individual
trauma is not worth blowing up
anyone else's life
in order to tell?"
But if we all do that.
if we all think like that.
then none of these stories
are ever gonna get told.
So. when does it become enough?
When does our
need to tell our stories
become greater than their
need to preserve the status quo?
Is it when we're abused
or when we're raped?
Or is that even enough?
Because. honestly. it depends
on the man in question. right?
Really. what I'm saying
is that this is the problem.
We constantly debate whether
we even have the right to speak.
Like. we. we monitor what
we say and our choice of words.
And. oh. are we sitting.
or are we standing?
And. oh. if we're sitting.
well. how are we sitting?
And if we're standing.
well. what are we wearing?
And are our voices
pitched just right?
I mean. think about
the mental gymnastics
that you have to do in order
to just have a conversation.
And now imagine
what it would be like
if we lived in a world where
we didn't have to do any of that.
Where we can just speak.
We're not the problem.
Whitney. They are.
All I want is just
to live in a world
where we're not. like.
weird second-class citizens
whose first job is to
make men comfortable.
and then we'll be
allowed to speak.
And. yeah. I think that your dad
is an impediment to that world.
And from what I
read in that article.
I'm not the only one.
So...
I felt that I needed to
say something. and I...
I just hope that you
can understand that.
She lives.
I told you my
flight was canceled.
Yeah. and then
you went radio silent.
I've been worried
about you. Whit.
I'm sorry. I'm so tired.
I had the craziest day.
I just need to go to bed.
- Wait a bit.
- Come on. Colin.
What's going on with you?
We barely spoke the entire
time you were in Montauk.
Nothing's going
on with me. Colin.
except for the fact that my
father just got Harvey Weinstein'd
and my whole future just
got flushed down the toilet.
And I don't really think I owe
you anything at the moment.
not even a conversation.
- I'm going to bed.
- I'm sorry. but you can't.
I know you've had a long day.
and I'm sure you're very tired.
but we have to talk.
You can't just disappear.
ignore my calls and texts.
That's not okay.
I'm about to be your
husband. for Christ's sake.
I can't do this.
You can't do what?
Can't talk to me?
I can't marry you.
Okay.
Why not?
'Cause I fucked someone else.
Who?
Furkat.
The photographer?
We used to date
back in New York.
What?
It only happened once.
that night at The Broad.
Were you with him today?
Yes. but nothing happened.
You don't have to believe
me. but it's the truth.
I believe you.
Do you love him. then?
No. He's an asshole.
But clearly. so am I.
You should leave me. Colin.
We should break up.
If that's what you want.
Why isn't it what you want?
I guess I'd like to know
what's going on first.
If we can fix things.
Right.
Right. because if we don't
fix things. you get deported.
Jesus!
Fucking Christ. Whitney. is that
really what you think this is about?
- A green card?
- Isn't it?
I hate this godforsaken country!
I'd love to go home!
I'm not with you because
I need a green card.
I need a green card because
I fucking want to be with you.
I'm sorry.
I know I'm an
impossibly slow painter.
I wish I could just turn out work
like some of my peers. like Furkat.
an-and sell them for millions
of dollars and buy us a house.
I will get there
someday. I know I will.
But just don't fucking
give up on me yet.
I'm so... I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I love you so much.
Whitney. you in there?
Whitney?
Oh. thank God.
What's up?
I'm sorry. uh. just showing up.
We didn't know where
you were. We were worried.
Oh. okay. well. I'm
fine. so you can leave.
No. I need to talk. I need to
talk. You've seen the news. right?
Of course. Uh...
Look. it's terrible. but I
need you to know there is...
that article. the allegations.
what those women are saying.
there is no truth in it at all.
Can I come in? Please?
Um...
Uh. Whitney. the-the
real story is-is...
it's just much. much
more complicated.
That doesn't matter.
The point is. I'm your
father and I love you
and you don't need to worry
because your mom and I.
we're gonna take care of this.
How?
- What do you mean?
- How are you gonna take care of it?
We're gonna fight it.
You really think that's
such a good idea?
Well. what choice have I got?
We're not gonna let
these women ruin our lives.
I'm so tired. I have to go to
sleep. I don't want to talk about it.
- I'm sorry.
- Whitney. I understand.
- I just need you to know...
- Mr. Solloway. it's very late.
You should go.
Hi. Colin. Hi. This
is. uh. no disrespect.
This is between
me and my daughter.
She doesn't want to talk to
you. She just asked you to leave.
- Oh. my God!
- Oh. God!
Whitney.
Oh. my God. we were
so worried about you.
- Uh. okay. Well. I'm fine.
- Okay.
Listen. I need to talk
to everybody. okay?
I found something out.
and I need to tell all of you.
so can we please
just sit down and talk?
Please?
Okay. uh. uh... all
of this is my fault.
Everything that's happening
right now is my fault.
What?
Because Sasha wants writing
credit for your dad's movie.
And I... he...
He used something I said
that I should not have said.
and he gave it to a reporter.
and now she's using
it against your father.
But your dad didn't do anything
wrong. They're just spinning it.
Can you take Stacey
and Trevor for ice cream?
- Yeah.
- We're not children.
- I want to stay.
- I need you to go.
Sure. yeah.
Ice cream sounds great.
Come on. Stace.
Hey. you sure you're okay?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Let's go. guys.
I'm not sure
exactly what I said.
but I think maybe it was that you
and Eden were sleeping together.
- Oh. Jesus. Helen.
- I'm sorry.
I-I really can't imagine that he would
do something like this. I'm really sorry.
- I'm so...
- Mom. why are you apologizing to him?
Because I fucked up.
How. exactly?
Uh. even if Sasha started it. does
that mean these women are lying?
Does that mean that Dad didn't
do the things he's being accused of?
You believe these women
over me? I'm your father.
Nobody's saying
that they're lying.
I'm just saying that
maybe they're exaggerating
what happened to them.
- Why would they do that?
- For attention.
I mean. these things
happen on a spectrum. okay?
Like. what they're describing is
awkward. yes. and uncomfortable. certainly.
It's not abuse.
And by calling it abuse. you
just turn women into victims.
And once you get older.
hopefully you will understand this.
Listen to yourself. Do you hear
yourself right now when you're talking?
He cheated on you. and he
left you. and he left all of us.
Why are you still defending him?
Because he's your father.
and you guys need your father.
Don't say that. This isn't about
us. This has never been about us.
- What is it about?
- You.
You could never let him go.
No matter what he did.
you forgave him for it.
That's not fair.
And it's not true. We got a divorce.
What more did you want from me?
I wanted you to condemn him.
I wanted you to admit to yourself
and to us what a shit he was
so that maybe I would have
an opportunity to acknowledge
that that behavior
wasn't normal!
So that maybe I wouldn't go
out looking for a guy to hurt me
the way that he hurt you!
That's what you think of me?
No. you don't understand.
This is all my fault.
None of it would have happened.
I mean. what those women
are saying. that's not...
it's not who your father is.
Mom. I believe them.
He did it to me.
- Whitney.
- What?
What are you talking about?
That night at Rodney
Callahan's party.
When you got in the hot
tub. you didn't recognize me.
But I saw the way
you look at women.
Like they're prey.
What is she talking about?
Noah. Noah.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm